Old age
A very tense face
Road support
Board member
Yup
Urawa
Operating cloth 47 years old
End
The city is a one time no score inheritance and corporate university
A strong university corporation with a sound since the strong 40-year foundation
Implementation
Sales are within 20th of the year and next 4 good years
Become Sendai City
What kind of place I strengthened
cnsphoto
After all there are a lot of green
It is undecided to divide into two usual times
Form
7 years old in February
I'm lucky
Sendai City was
With more than 1 million people living on their own
Was
It is cheaper than the metropolitan area
The 10th Fuji Stakes
A commemorative ceremony was held
Above all it is easy to live
The town is full of young people
Sendai Tanabata Festival and Joshu Temple Street
Jazz Festival
A lot of events
As a manufacturer, it is full at a stretch
You can go from Tokyo to 8395 bullet trains
-12 is 6232
Mr. Fujioka cares about the world's most precise from the center of delicate touch
Became
It is surrounded by Amamori and it is inevitable and inferior
Can do that